There's another security concept that I'd be
remiss not to mention in an introductory class on
cybersecurity: confidentiality, integrity, and availability.
It's around everything we do.
Confidentiality is keeping our secret secret.
It means limiting who can see or read sensitive information.
Integrity is limiting who can change or modify that information.
Availability is ensuring our information or devices is there when we need it.
Let's use a public website like Udacity as an example.
The confidentiality is low since it's there for anyone to read,
except for that proprietary content like this lesson.
The integrity should be high because we want to make sure
only those people who should change it can make changes.
Availability, well, we'll just call that medium,
since the amount of harm may or may not be that great.
Of course, this depends on the website.
Look around you and all the places you use
these security principles often without thinking.
As you work through this course and work as a security professional,
consider all the ways we use economy of mechanism,
least privilege, failing safe,
choke points, and defense in depth.
Also consider how you use CIA: confidentiality, integrity,
availability, and how it fits in your world of security.